---
title: Humanities Data in R Meeting Agenda
author: Ryan Clement, Kristy Golubiewski-Davis
date: February 10, 2017
---

This is the agenda for our kick-off meeting for the _Humanities Data in R_ study group!

1. Introductions -
  - who you are
  - what you know already
  - what was the last time you learned a programming language or novel software, and how did you do it?
  - what you want to get out of group
2. Format of our meetings - our thoughts, group's thoughts, consensus
  - how often?  <-- every other week as starting point?
  - We go through chapters independently prior to meeting, then use meeting to discuss the work, problems, etc.
  - Ryan and Kristy are always available for help.
  - We suggest working through the chapters / questions in 30 min to 1 hour blocks
  - We will adjust the speed based on the group's preferences
3. Any problems/technical difficulties with getting R/RStudio installed?
4. Quick intro to RStudio
5. What did you think of the first chapter? What problems/questions did you have?
6. Supplemental questions? Do we want to go through some of those together? Would that be helpful?
  - These are currently available as a R script through OSF
  - Have everyone open the R script <-- share via google drive for the meeting?
7. What later chapters are most interesting to the group?
  - Google form survey? <-- Kristy can create this **DONE**
8. Moving forward, do you want code/questions to be public or private? Can use Github, OSF, or some combination depending on preferences.
  - Github = public OR private
  - OSF = private
  - Can use Github and access that from OSF, with OSF holding the documents that need to be private (e.g. supplemental questions)
  - Is an intro to R or OSF useful here?
